=== Object Limits

1. What are object limits and why would you want them.
2. How you can set object limits.
3. Checking limits and modifying them.
4. Bugs with limits.

=== 1. What are object limits and why would you want them.

Ok, object limits in this context doesn't mean limiting the use of an item
to a players level. Rather it refers to the limiting of the -number- of
times an object may be created in the mud for repopping and use by
players.

An example: A sword of slaying may have a limit of 8 set, in which case
only 8 of them will repop for players before it stops appearing on the mob
that has it. 

Once an items reaches it's limit ("maxxed") it can only be obtained by
PKing, stealing or buying it of the present owner. For this reason it's
obvious that object limits shouldn't be used unless you are planning on a
PK mud, in which case limits are an excellent way to ensure competition
and a control on all those ave 30 daggers that thieves keep one-shotting
people with.


=== 2. How you can set object limits.

The Tartarus code automatically assumes an object is non-limited and will
allow it to repop normally without limit. If you want to set a limit on an
item just add the following two lines to the end of the object:

L
#

Where # is the limit on the item.

eg,
#6600
axe toy~
a toy axe~
An axe made of wood lies here.~
wood~ 
weapon 0 AN
axe 1 5 chop 0
0 30 250 G
E
axe toy~
A small label says 'made in Taiwan'.
~
L
10

This would limit the toy axe in dwarven daycare to 10. (Although I'm not
sure why anyone would actually limit the toy axe).


=== 3. Checking limits and modifying them.

	To check on an item's limit just stat the item in question and the
values of it's limit will be shown. This shows the Limit, which is the
maximum limit set, and the Count, which is the current number of the item
that exist. Count includes all of the instances of the item on pfiles as
well as playing characters and in-game repops of the item. 
	When the count is at the Limit no more of that item will repop
during area resets. Destruction of an item through such means as
sacrificing it, disintegration using disintegrate spell, burning, and so
forth will reduce the Count accordingly so the item will be up to date.

	Modifying limits is easy, just edit the area file of the object
and change it's 'L' value. You'll have to reboot to get the new limit
registered in the game.

	
=== 4. Bugs with limits.

	If you plan on using limits then undoubtably players will seek to
find ways around this by copying items. Most forms of copying are handled
but players will always find some trick to use. When this happens items
tend to become over-maxxed (Count > Limit).
	When this is the case the item will begin vaporising whenever
someone carrying one dies (mob or player). This was installed to burn he
count back to the limit, and also as a way of making sure players knew
that copying items to defeat counts was just going to be a big fight
because any time they died their item would vaporise.
	Item vaporising stops once the item's count is back to the max
limit you set on it. If you find too many problems with items vaporising
you'll need to fix either the problem players or the code.
